Hello everyone and today I want to tell
about pandas propane bank in one of the videos i
filmed how to install the bank but now
I will show how for example if anyone
there is such a problem here we are trying
log in and some people write a mistake
728 here a place to play means an error
720 how does this matter solve these pieces
program file on what kmd opens the file
here we enter
stop stop stop service 4game service
successfully stopped you see yes and
we write the same only place instead of stop
service start gay service successfully
launched close this crap turn
on our launch page
and our problem will be solved but I
such a problem met
I was looking for a lot here, but in general, and our
poser will be solved on this but all
thanks for watching subscribe to
channel compano 100 cigarettes